Business Management 2
=====================

My Thoughts So Far
------------------

    Since I am a freshman, I have only taken a few courses for the Business
Management major, but so far, I really enjoy it.  I have taken Magt 131-A with
Mark Green. Overall, the class is very fun, and you get a good baseline on what
management is and how to use different concepts in the workplace. Professor
Green uses lots of slide presentations and relates topics covered into scenarios
in the real world. This helps students better understand and more closely relate
to the work being covered. The other class I have taken is Acct 201-A with Shane
Cox. This class is very interesting and covers the basic accounting equation and
processes to preform basic accounting tasks. Professor Cox uses lots of hands-on
problems that allow students to think and work through. He likes to tell jokes
to keep the class engaged. He uses real world scenarios from his business
experience to help students better understand how accounting applies to the real
world.
    I am taking Acct 250, Econ 100 and Mktg 234 next semester. I am unsure how
these classes will go, but I would guess that Acct 250 dives further in depth
into accounting processes and goes into more detail on principles and workplace
scenarios. My professor is not Shane Cox, so I donâ€™t know as to what the
classroom interactions will be like. My guess is Econ 100 will be a basic
introduction into economics and how it works. As a 100-level course, I assume
it will outline basic information and a little taste of what economics is like.
Mktg 234 has a pre-requisite of Mgt 131 which I am just finishing this semester.
My guess is that Mktg 234 goes in depth into marketing, but also involves info
and concepts from management. As a 200-level class, I think applying management
and marketing along with going deeper into how they work and how they are
connected.
    Overall, I believe the Business Management major will include classes and
topics from all areas of the business field. This is evident as I have already
taken a management, and accounting class this semester, and I am taking an
accounting class along with a marketing and economics class next semester.
I think the classes will progressively get harder and more advanced. This is
probably true in all majors, but the concepts in management intertwine with all
concepts of business. To me, this is what makes the major so fun and so unique.
There is so many pathways and opportunities in the workplace with a Business
Management degree from Simpson College.
